Liu Xiaodong, my son has seen it with his own eyes
He stole something
Do you think my son would lie and accuse others?
Hey
That's not what I meant. What do you mean?
Liu Xiaodong
How much does my husband donate to the kindergarten every year?
I don't need to remind you
I suggest you think about it
How to handle this fairly
Ah.
Before the results come in
Lin Youyou will suspend school and go home to wait for the result.
Why let Yoyo suspend school first?
I don't think you care about the truth at all
Relying on money and power to determine who is innocent
Is this the aristocratic education that Guixiao claims to be?
Haha, this person is different from others.
Yoyo understands this at such a young age
You should thank me.
Go son
Ms. Lee?
I advise you.
Don't be a hard stone father
You can't afford to be offended.
I'm born with a bad temper
Who told me I can't afford to offend
I would say
I'd like to see who he is